Emery Kerby: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well hello, how are you
Emery Kerby: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How is everything going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go. Wait.
Emery Kerby: I'm really quick. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't hear you.
Emery Kerby: Oh, is that better.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Emery Kerby: Sorry about that.
That's okay.
Emery Kerby: I was not able to get the book yet because I went to check my account to see if I had money for it and I had three charges on my account that weren't authorized. So I called the bank and he told me I had to cancel my debit card.
Emery Kerby: So they just. That's why I came over to my mom's house today because it just got in the mail, so I'll have to order that today, and then
Emery Kerby: We can start working on that next week. So I'm sorry about that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. It happens.
Emery Kerby: You know where
Emery Kerby: I don't know how they. It was weird. It's like Microsoft charges, but I don't have anything
Emery Kerby: For Microsoft. The only thing my husband thought was about a laptop back in January and then I returned it. And I did like a trial thing to get like the office.
Emery Kerby: For it. But I thought I cleared everything off of the laptop. When I returned it. But I did it myself. So I you know I don't know if I mess anything up. But so they just had like three different charges for the for
Emery Kerby: Microsoft on there so they had to
Emery Kerby: Cancel my debit card and send a new one, which took forever so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, I love that. I just had to recently do that too. So, I get it.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, weird. I never had that happen before but I call my dad and it's happened to him quite a few times, he said.
Emery Kerby: People get his card information. So that was a little weird but they got it all figured out. I'm still waiting for the process, the claim. So the charges are still on there, but they're working on it.
Emery Kerby: I guess to figure out where it came from. And then they'll take it off. So I think it just takes some time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Emery Kerby: To do that. But anyways, I got it today activated the card, so I'll be able to order that today when I get home.
Tool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um. How was your week
Emery Kerby: Um, it's been kind of stressful. I've been
Emery Kerby: Having a lot of anxiety, but I, I know it's a little TMI, but I started my period today so
Emery Kerby: I think that that has a lot to do with it. I
Emery Kerby: Since I've had my daughter, my hormones have been kind of crazy and before the pandemic my doctor is actually having me do like a bunch of ultrasounds and blood work and all that stuff. I think you've heard about that in group a few times but yeah
Emery Kerby: Since the virus thing happened. I haven't been able to go get anything done to find out some answers. So
Emery Kerby: I actually thought I was pregnant, a couple times, but I think it's just whatever is going on with my hormones. It's making me have like pregnancy symptoms.
Emery Kerby: Because I, you know, obviously, I'm still getting my periods and pregnancy tests are negative. So it's not that. But I've got some kind of, you know, crazy wires going on so
Emery Kerby: My emotions have been all over the place and my
Emery Kerby: Cravings have increased with those
Emery Kerby: Because, you know, it's usually just something I always fall back on if I if I'm struggling that much.
Emery Kerby: It's just weird to me because I've never been eight months clean at the actually I'm going on, nine months now in a couple days, I've never it's never been that long and
Emery Kerby: So I guess I'm just scared. I'm worried that I'm going to have a breaking point. At some point, because I've just been doing so well almost with no hiccups as far as wanting to use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Emery Kerby: So I feel like this is almost the first time i've i've really struggled with it, if that makes sense. It's kind of my thoughts. So now that I'm hitting these roadblocks. I'm, I'm just getting a little nervous about it so
Emery Kerby: I'm kind of don't know how to deal with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta keep doing what you're, you know, doing what you're doing and just kind of know you know you have to tell yourself to that I'm going to get this checked out. It's going to happen. I'm going to see what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you just got to keep reiterating that to yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through this process. So you figure until your doctor can get you in the figure out what's going on, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A trigger is a thought and a craving can be controlled.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there's a beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: middle and an end to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about voicing it in the universe. And then, you know, doing everything you can to get out of that headspace if you have that catastrophic thinking that you're going to have a, you know, you're gonna have a breakdown. It's going to happen. You know what I mean. Then you will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Subconscious subconsciously you'll push yourself to that if you take away that thought and just say, you know what today's today's gonna be a good day.
Emery Kerby: And you just bring yourself back to right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today, okay.
Emery Kerby: Like forcing
Emery Kerby: That until you really feel like it takes over. And that's your truth for that. Yeah, because I I think I just got caught and kind of a hard spot because
Emery Kerby: You know, normally, I'm not even really around it, other than when I have to pick it up from my mom and they were really good about making sure I didn't have to do that. But you know when my dad's out of town. It's like, there really isn't any other option.
Emery Kerby: Right. But my husband hurt his back. And so my mom had offered, but I was kind of the middleman.
Emery Kerby: In that, and they had done that once before and it didn't bother me at all. So I was like, Okay, I'm good with this, but this time it did bother me so
Emery Kerby: I think because like I had to hand it to him. And then I told him, let me leave the room. I didn't want him to take it in front of me.
Emery Kerby: Because I was trying to set boundaries. But I like went in the bathroom and out of total meltdown, because I just
Emery Kerby: I didn't think it was going to be that hard, and then
Emery Kerby: I felt bad because like you know he's taking it because he's in a lot of pain and he can't get into the doctor and he still has to go to work. He can't call in and so I know it was helping him in it.
Emery Kerby: It was because he's he's hurting, he's in pain. He's not using it to us like I would
Emery Kerby: Imagine, so I was trying to make that difference in my mind and
Emery Kerby: So that's why I just went ahead and went through it. But then, you know, I came over here to see my mom yesterday, too, because I thought my debit card was going to come in yesterday and
Emery Kerby: She said she had two more. But I said I didn't want to do that. So I told her no and then she was able to give me this cream.
Emery Kerby: For his back in his neck and I put that on him last night and he said that it helped him a lot like even better than the pain medication did so.
Emery Kerby: I was happy because then we found a way that when his back in that clear up or whatever we can just use that stuff and not have to worry about the medicine anymore so
Emery Kerby: That was good, but it's just still, you know, just kind of been a roller coaster with
Emery Kerby: emotions and moods my moods, or excuse me, switching a lot
Emery Kerby: I was doing pretty good about being able to stay stable in my mood, at least for an entire day. You know, I was either having a pretty good day or not a good day. But now it's kind of pretty good our not a good
Our kind of thing.
Emery Kerby: And I'm not. I used to be on a lot of psych meds for my be PT and bipolar and I'm not on anything right now. So usually when I start to get bad like this and I can't manage it on my own. That's when I end up seeing a psychiatrist and getting on medication.
Emery Kerby: And I had a
Emery Kerby: Think it was like three or four months ago I was struggling really bad and I made I called to make appointments, but they were so booked out my I just check my calendar today because I was seeing what time are meeting was and I have a psychiatry appointment on the ninth of June.
Emery Kerby: That I had made months ago. So I have one.
Emery Kerby: coming up really soon. So
Emery Kerby: Obviously I have to see what's okay with Dr. PACHTER and what's ok for the psychiatrists for me to
Emery Kerby: Beyond, but I know just from past experiences that Prozac tends to work really well for me.
Emery Kerby: Um, so as long as it doesn't interfere with my soapbox and I think I'm gonna, I just need a little extra help. I feel keeping me stable and
Emery Kerby: Getting my depression under control. I did good today and yesterday I was cleaning, which when I'm depressed. I don't do that.
Emery Kerby: And if something comes up. That is an inconvenience. I just use that as an excuse, but like my vacuum cleaner was all busted and broken and wasn't working. And I took that whole thing apart yesterday to fix it. So I can vacuum my floors.
Emery Kerby: And
Emery Kerby: It was a nightmare, because it was just hair was wrapped all around thing. And there was huge clogs my daughter's like climbing all over me while I'm trying to get it all done.
Emery Kerby: And I pulled a hose out to get the clock out and it just goes everywhere all over my sure all over the table. I just cleaned off like I wanted to cry. But I stuck to it and got it all cleaned out, put the vacuum cleaner back together and then cleaned up the whole mess so
Emery Kerby: I felt proud of myself. So I feel like that helped me kind of continue being active and still cleaning today. It just, I know kind of gave me like a second wind to just keep going.
Emery Kerby: And that stuff like staying busy that helps a lot. So, um,
Emery Kerby: Yeah, I just, I came over here to get my card. And then it helps my mom will watch my daughter so we could talk. So I'm not trying to chase her and and
Emery Kerby: get distracted, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Definitely. And if something happens, you know, I think that we have psychologists to
Emery Kerby: Help
Emery Kerby: Yeah okay because I noticed I my, on my calendar. It says psych and the time, but it doesn't say who it is. So I'm gonna have to do some investigating and
Emery Kerby: Try remember who I made that appointment.
Emery Kerby: So if I can't figure that out. I'll let you know and see if we can. I can get an appointment with somebody, cuz
Emery Kerby: I do enjoy the online thing. I'm not good at making physical appointments, a lot. I have a problem with that. And I always have, but
Emery Kerby: Doing it online is just a lot easier. I don't have to worry about.
Emery Kerby: Anything that's going on. Just as long as I have my phone so
Emery Kerby: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I encourage you to talk to Dr. PACHTER to about it and he might have some suggestions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as well. You know, I'm, I'm not going to speak for him, but he may be able to, I don't know for sure, be able to prescribe you Prozac, you know, until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can get into. See this like to
Emery Kerby: Okay, it wasn't. I know he's helped some people out with different medications for, like, you know, I just didn't know what his limits weren't stuff.
Emery Kerby: I just don't. Sometimes I can go through things and be okay. But it's been a cycle in my life where I always hit this wall.
Emery Kerby: When I lived up north. My son went to his dad's every summer. And almost every summer I would check into an inpatient hospital because I needed that extra care. I would hold myself together as best I could all year and
Emery Kerby: Then also, my son, not being with me because he was my only child. At that time I had a really hard time with him leaving so
Emery Kerby: You know, and I've had like a couple attempts in the past and stuff. So it was kind of just as a safety thing to make sure I was going to be okay. But since moving down here. I haven't had any
Emery Kerby: Mental Health support. I had a huge system of North
Emery Kerby: Between the inpatient hospitals and I did outpatient therapy to I would do that for months and that was like a nine to five job, Monday through Friday. You had to be there.
Emery Kerby: To do the group therapy. So I feel like I went from all of that to nothing here and I've been here almost three years now so
Emery Kerby: You know, and a lot of different life changes. I have a husband down and another child and
Emery Kerby: All that kind of stuff. So I just, I'm recognizing that I am
Emery Kerby: Excited, aside from maybe finding out medically what's going on with me.
Emery Kerby: I'm reaching that kind of that wall again so
Emery Kerby: I'm just trying to figure out what kind of steps I can take before anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happens, you know, yeah, being proactive with it, which is really cool, you know that you're able to do that. You can identify when you need that added support and able to, you know, utilize what you have available. Definitely.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was wondering if I should email Dr factor and asked him if he can do a metal valuation with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get you in to see him.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, that would be good.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give me one second. And I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on one second.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I sent him an email and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't see him on right now. But it doesn't mean that he's not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm hoping that I'll get a response from him. And, you know, if I definitely if I don't he, I know he would have checked my email, and we can touch base with him on Friday. If nothing else,
Emery Kerby: Okay, yeah.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, we'll be
Emery Kerby: Done to him in a couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, um, let's see what we can do, you know, to help you through this, this piece.
Emery Kerby: That would be awesome. Yeah. That just I know I've had to go through. I don't know. Gamma is the right word, but, you know, they
Emery Kerby: prescribed me all kinds of different medications and I then at some point say me on like nine different things I'd have to take every day and I really didn't enjoy that. Especially when you start getting side effects. You don't know what it's from
Yeah.
Emery Kerby: But I had before I moved down here, I just kind of had, I think it was like four different medications that worked really well for me, even though a lot of them were kind of old school.
Emery Kerby: Me, but I know Prozac was just the best thing as far as the
Emery Kerby: Depression and keeping me motivated
Emery Kerby: They also have me on like family on lithium, which
Emery Kerby: I maybe I can talk to Dr. Proctor about it. I'm if there's a medication that similar that's not
Emery Kerby: That one because there's two weeks where I'll be so tired like there's no way I would be able to watch my daughter while I start the lithium.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For whatever reason, it's
Emery Kerby: You know, the first two weeks, getting adjusted to it. I'm
Emery Kerby: Want to sleep all day and then you have to watch your sodium like crazy, which is really hard for me because
Emery Kerby: You know I get like swollen and shaky and all that but it works amazing for to stabilize my moods. It's just the side effects of it I guess they're just really
Emery Kerby: Kind of crazy. So maybe he might have some ideas on something that would, you know, work and not be that bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he just responded back and said, yes, we can, she said. He said, We'll schedule it on Friday. So when you see him on Friday. You guys will schedule an appointment for you to be able to meet with him and talk about it. Okay.
Emery Kerby: Okay, cool. Yeah, I work good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, I really do like it. I actually, no, no, this is allowed. So just let me know if it's not, but I
Emery Kerby: Have a couple of groups that I'm in for addiction and I recommended bright heart health to some people. So just because I really enjoy you guys and I think everybody does a really great job and
Emery Kerby: The support has always been there and he's so easy to work with and talk to. So I've had a couple people that weren't really
Emery Kerby: Either they were looking for a clinic or somewhere because they didn't have one or they didn't like the experience. They were getting. So I've always told people just to check them out. I don't know. You know, insurance wise or anything like that but
Emery Kerby: I always recommend it to people because I think it's, you guys have a really good thing going on for us.
Emery Kerby: Especially in this pandemic, where we get, you know, not to leave our house to be able to still get service. I think that that's really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And there's nothing wrong with it. Don't worry, definitely, you know, totally fine. I think it's great that we've been able to provide you know and meet your needs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love when that can happen. You know what I mean. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. There's not a problem with that. No big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And Dr. Factor is very easy to work with. Isn't he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know I. He's amazing. I haven't found a whole lot of doctors that I've worked with because I work with several through bright heart with groups and stuff.
Emery Kerby: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think I've met one that I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Struggled with, you know,
Emery Kerby: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're all it's pretty amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then
Emery Kerby: My status struggle with Dr. Sometimes I mean I've all hasn't been and like the addiction side of things, but just with my physical or mental health. I've seen a lot of different doctors and some just do not have the best bedside manner or
Emery Kerby: They're not really
Emery Kerby: Compassionate. You know, so it's nice when you when you come across somebody that actually you know that they care and they do their best. I think that that's
Emery Kerby: That's awesome. That's why I think I got really heated and one of the groups when I felt, one of the
Emery Kerby: Other patients were kind of coming at him long, so I was a little worked up with that but you know people have their bad days. And sometimes you take it out on all people so that happens but
Emery Kerby: Yeah, I like I like our little group.
Emery Kerby: I wasn't another one. I think I was going on Tuesday nights.
Emery Kerby: Where there was just some patients in there. I didn't really a one one guy was just very triggering for me so I had to switch
Emery Kerby: Think that's what happens. So I've been enjoying the group that we have. I like
Emery Kerby: I think we got some more people coming in. Recently, I think I've seen a couple new faces.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, just good because I mean they'll bring in a different
Emery Kerby: aspect to the group and stuff, but I think I related a lot with the females in there too so
Emery Kerby: Yeah.
Emery Kerby: I'm glad I have this support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's good. Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week we'll work out. We'll start working on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ISS internal family systems.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really start diving into it and understand
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what the program is about and how it can identify each of our parts internal
Emery Kerby: Yes, I
Emery Kerby: Will start my timer for that. I'm sorry. I was, I was really amped up to be able to do it. You know, I should have just called and let you know my card was
Emery Kerby: Cancelled. And then I had to wait for an I just didn't pay at told them I paid for two to three day shipping.
Emery Kerby: And that's why I was over, when I came here yesterday because I realized Sunday was gonna mess me up and then memorial day Monday.
Emery Kerby: But I thought for sure I would have been able to get it yesterday in the mail. I wouldn't be able to just do the Kindle thing and read through the first chapter. Last night or
Emery Kerby: This morning so and it didn't come yesterday, I called the bank and they said it was even in the ladies notes to do the expedited shipping, but for whatever reason it didn't because they didn't even charge you $25 to
Emery Kerby: Have it shipped. So he was telling me my card was me. I'm going to be here until Monday.
Emery Kerby: But my mom just happened to call me today. And she said she check the mail this afternoon, and it was here. So,
Emery Kerby: I activated it. And so we're ready to go order it when I get home and
Emery Kerby: So you want me to read the first chapter.
Emery Kerby: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Before we get next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Emery Kerby: Yeah, I can ended up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And even if you don't have it. If you don't have it by next week. I still want to meet with you just to check in with you to see where you're at, to see how things are especially if you meet with Dr. Dr. On Friday, and you begin any new meds. We want to be consistent. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We want to make sure that year. Okay. And do a check in. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I wouldn't, but I think it'll be here.
Emery Kerby: I would like to
Emery Kerby: Just at some point. I don't know if it's okay, good. I guess it's not really addiction related. I mean other than it's kind of a trigger. But just my, I need to kind of talk out my husband's infidelity or whatever you want to call it to
Emery Kerby: Be kind of sign up, we can kind of throw that in there. Next week if we have some time.
Emery Kerby: This is, I feel like that's
Emery Kerby: Kind of AMP or making things worse.
Emery Kerby: You know, just because it's still in the back of my mind. I'm not over it and I need to figure out how to get over it.
Emery Kerby: So, and I feel like that was free me up a lot in my recovery. So
Emery Kerby: If you can just kind of put that on the table, maybe next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I would help a lot too. So
Emery Kerby: Yes.
Most definitely.
Emery Kerby: Okay, what you want to do, same time, I think that have you long
Emery Kerby: Um, he said, for five weeks. I think it's Wednesdays or 230
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I asked them to put you on, let me take a look
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I have you 230 on the third
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's the same time next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and we will definitely start diving into the stuff. Okay.
Emery Kerby: Okay.
Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well I'm gonna let you go early
Emery Kerby: Get out. Okay.
Emery Kerby: All right, thank you. I'll see you next week on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you Friday in group. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye, Emery.